you are the children of the Lord your
God you shall not cut yourselves nor
shave the front of your head for the
dead for you are a holy people to the
Lord your God and the Lord has chosen
you to be a people for himself a special
treasure above all the peoples who are
on the face of the earth you shall not
eat any detestable thing these are the
animals which you may eat the Ox the
Sheep the goat the deer the gazelle the
roe deer the wild goat the mountain goat
the antelope and the mountain sheep and
you may eat every animal with cloven
hooves having the hoof split into two
parts and that choose the card among the
animals nevertheless of those that shoe
the cud or have cloven hooves you shall
not eat such as these the camel the hare
and the rock
hi Rex for they chew the cud but do not
have cloven hooves they are unclean for
you also the swine is unclean for you
because it has cloven hooves yet does
not chew the cud you shall not eat their
flesh or touch their dead carcasses
these you may eat of all that are in the
waters you may eat all that have fins
and scales and whatever does not have
fins and scales you shall not eat it is
unclean for you all clean birds you may
hate but these you shall not eat the
eagle the vulture the Buzzard the red
kite the Falcon and the kite after their
kinds
every Raven after its kind the ostrich
the short eared owl
the seagull and the hawk after their
kinds the little owl the screech owl the
white Elm the jackdaw the carrion
vulture the Fisher owl the stork the
heron after its kind and the coop oh and
the bat also every creeping thing that
flies is unclean for you they shall not
be eaten you may eat all clean birds you
shall not eat anything that dies of
itself you may give it to the alien who
is within your gates that he may eat it
or you may sell it to a foreigner for
you are a holy people to the Lord your
God you shall not boil a young goat in
its mother's milk
you shall truly tithe all the increase
of your grain that the field produces
year by year and you shall eat before
the Lord your God in the place where he
chooses to make his name abide the
tithes of your grain and your new wine
and your oil
[Music]
of the firstborn of your herds and your
flocks that you may learn to fear the
Lord your God always but if the journey
is too long for you so that you are not
able to carry the tithe or if the place
where the Lord your God chooses to put
his name is too far for a meal when the
Lord your God has blessed you
then you shall exchange it for money
take the money in your hand and go to
the place which the Lord your God
chooses and you shall spend that money
for whatever your heart desires for oxen
or sheep for wine or similar drink for
whatever your heart desires you shall
eat there before the Lord your God and
you shall rejoice you and your household
you shall not forsake the Levite who is
within your gates or he has no part nor
inheritance with you at the end of every
third year you shall bring out the
tithes of your produce of that year and
store it up within your gates and the
Levite because he has no portion or
inheritance with you and the stranger
and the fatherless and the widow who are
within your gates may come and eat and
be satisfied that the Lord your God may
bless you in all the work of your hand
which you do
you